content/publication/falling-stars.md, before:

+++
title = "Interest Rates Under Falling Stars"
date = 2017-11-17
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Michael D. Bauer", "Glenn D. Rudebusch"]

publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Working Paper Series"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "While theory predicts that the equilibrium real interest rate, $r^\\ast_t$, and the perceived trend in inflation, $\\pi^\\ast_t$, are fundamental determinants of the yield curve, macro-finance models generally treat them as constant. We show that accounting for time-varying macro trends is critical for understanding the empirical dynamics of U.S. Treasury yields and risk pricing. It fundamentally changes estimated risk premiums in long-term bond yields, leads to large gains in predictions of excess bond returns and long-range out-of-sample forecasts of interest rates, and captures a substantial share of interest rate variability at low frequencies."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/wp2017-16.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = "files/bauer_rudebusch_falling_stars_data.csv"
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

Commit message:

post about EL, updated falling-stars pub/ref

content/publication/falling-stars.md, after:

+++
title = "Interest Rates Under Falling Stars"
date = 2018-12-28
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Michael D. Bauer", "Glenn D. Rudebusch"]

publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Working Paper Series"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Macro-finance theory implies that trend inflation and the equilibrium real interest rate are fundamental determinants of the yield curve. However, empirical models of the term structure of interest rates generally assume that these fundamentals are constant. We show that accounting for time variation in these underlying long-run trends is crucial for understanding the dynamics of Treasury yields and predicting excess bond returns. We introduce a new arbitrage-free model that captures the key role that long-run trends play for interest rates. The model also provides new, more plausible estimates of the term premium and accurate out-of-sample yield forecasts."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/wp2017-16.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
